docs/theming/notes/expandable/expandable.md, before:



don't have a branding block

incorporate the logo into the menu

to simplify

expand the div and push down the main page

have left right arrows for mobile



/*


https://stackoverflow.com/questions/14745297/how-to-display-an-unordered-list-in-two-columns
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/23999810/absolute-position-div-not-pushing-other-content-down/23999963#23999963
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/3751511/div-size-automatically-size-of-content
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/5232310/how-can-i-force-div-contents-to-stay-in-one-line-with-html-and-css
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/40545129/css-multiple-columns-layout-incorrect-column-splitting
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/10487292/position-absolute-but-relative-to-parent
https://www.w3schools.com/css/css_positioning.asp
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/34707436/use-of-static-css-position

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/39848311/what-is-the-number-beside-console-log-in-firefox-chrome#:~:text=If%20a%20same%20statement%20is,5%3B%20i%2B%2B)%20%7B%20console.

https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_js_remove_class.asp
https://befused.com/drupal/twig-addclass/#:~:text=To%20add%20multiple%20classes%20to,the%20name%20of%20the%20array.&text=And%20then%20pass%20that%20array,addClass()%20function.
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/15241915/how-to-change-css-property-using-javascript

https://www.fourfront.us/blog/jquery-window-width-and-media-queries/



https://stackoverflow.com/questions/13630229/can-i-have-an-onclick-effect-in-css
https://www.w3schools.com/jsref/event_onclick.asp


https://www.w3schools.com/cssref/playdemo.php?filename=playcss_grid-row
https://www.w3schools.com/cssref/pr_grid-row.php

https://www.w3schools.com/css/css3_multiple_columns.asp


https://www.quirksmode.org/dom/getstyles.html

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/6338217/get-a-css-value-with-javascript

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/6338217/get-a-css-value-with-javascript

https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_scope.asp

https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Node/parentElement

https://claude.ai/chat/65abdec7-9c25-4a07-b27d-32f00dee3d70

*/

Commit message:

some notes on what ive researched, learnt, reminded myself of

docs/theming/notes/expandable/expandable.md, after:



don't have a branding block

incorporate the logo into the menu

to simplify

expand the div and push down the main page

have left right arrows for mobile



/*


https://stackoverflow.com/questions/14745297/how-to-display-an-unordered-list-in-two-columns
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/23999810/absolute-position-div-not-pushing-other-content-down/23999963#23999963
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/3751511/div-size-automatically-size-of-content
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/5232310/how-can-i-force-div-contents-to-stay-in-one-line-with-html-and-css
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/40545129/css-multiple-columns-layout-incorrect-column-splitting
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/10487292/position-absolute-but-relative-to-parent
https://www.w3schools.com/css/css_positioning.asp
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/34707436/use-of-static-css-position

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/39848311/what-is-the-number-beside-console-log-in-firefox-chrome#:~:text=If%20a%20same%20statement%20is,5%3B%20i%2B%2B)%20%7B%20console.

https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_js_remove_class.asp
https://befused.com/drupal/twig-addclass/#:~:text=To%20add%20multiple%20classes%20to,the%20name%20of%20the%20array.&text=And%20then%20pass%20that%20array,addClass()%20function.
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/15241915/how-to-change-css-property-using-javascript

https://www.fourfront.us/blog/jquery-window-width-and-media-queries/



https://stackoverflow.com/questions/13630229/can-i-have-an-onclick-effect-in-css
https://www.w3schools.com/jsref/event_onclick.asp


https://www.w3schools.com/cssref/playdemo.php?filename=playcss_grid-row
https://www.w3schools.com/cssref/pr_grid-row.php

https://www.w3schools.com/css/css3_multiple_columns.asp


https://www.quirksmode.org/dom/getstyles.html

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/6338217/get-a-css-value-with-javascript

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/6338217/get-a-css-value-with-javascript

https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_scope.asp

https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Node/parentElement

https://claude.ai/chat/65abdec7-9c25-4a07-b27d-32f00dee3d70




https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/EventTarget/removeEventListener

didnt use
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/57367871/trigger-a-function-at-a-specific-transition-value

a + b 
good to know, remind myself
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1139763/what-does-the-plus-sign-css-selector-mean

trying to make it specific and not class with css elsewhere, a form of namespacing
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/11115998/is-there-a-way-to-add-remove-several-classes-in-one-single-instruction-with-clas

i just needed event.target
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/48239/getting-the-id-of-the-element-that-fired-an-event

click the checkbox at the bottom of welcome page
https://github.com/shanalikhan/code-settings-sync/issues/1074

reminder but i think i decided to use an id instead
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/17965956/how-to-get-element-by-class-name

for detecting mobile
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/6338217/get-a-css-value-with-javascript


*/
